---
tags: notebook
---

## Team Thinking Process
Our thinking process is to start from the basic ideas and then add on the more complex parts afterwards. Therefore, on our first meet we decided to focus on builidng a spacious drive train first. Before we started we had the expectation to make a drive train using Mechanum Wheels and to make sure we had a platform with enough space for electronic devices. This desigining and building process took about 2-3 hours as we had a lot of experience before and our plan for the drive train was quite simple. Afterwards we decided to focus on making the drive train a functional one by plugging in the wires and creating the software for the drive train. Our Electrical Lead (Tyler) had the idea of creating code which would have the robot move in the same direction no matter it's orientation. The software and hardware for the drive train and Tyler's plan took the rest of the first meet's day.

Afterwards, we decided to focus on creating an arm for lifting the necessitated materials as we reasoned we should make an arm first and then we can make a grabbing mechanism later. We implemented a design which utilized 2 C-Channels connected and a motor attached to them by gear. This design took 1 day to create as we had no exerience creating such a piece. However, at the end of that day our arm was fully functioning beyond our initial expectations.

## Captain Thinking Process
My thinking process for building the robot was a basic to complicated kind of approach. By this I mean that I want to focus on creating the more basic, critical components of a robot while leaving enough room to add the complex parts later on. I also like to no overcomplicate ideas and builds as I have learnt through experience that overcomplicating a part will leave trouble down the line. Our team has had issues with fixing complicated parts which would've been easier had we taken more time to think it through and make them more simple. This leads me to my next point of how I prefer to take the time to think an idea fully before enacting on it. Taking the time to think through an idea as a team and as questions allows for all the members to fully understand the game plan while also ensuring that any flaws are found quickly as a team.

## Current Plans for Future
- Implement a counter-balance system for the arm
- Attach our claw mechanism to the arm
- Create code for our arm mechanism
- Test the arm while in the field
- Add a supporting bar for the drive train motors
